# RepositoryCreate

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cdn_url** | **String** | Base URL from which packages and other artifacts are downloaded. | [optional] [default to null]
**content_kind** | **String** | The repository content kind determines whether this repository contains packages, or provides a distribution of packages from other repositories. You can only select the content kind at repository creation time. | [optional] [default to null]
**contextual_auth_realm** | **bool** | If checked, missing credentials for this repository where basic authentication is required shall present an enriched value in the &#39;WWW-Authenticate&#39; header containing the namespace and repository. This can be useful for tooling such as SBT where the authentication realm is used to distinguish and disambiguate credentials. | [optional] [default to null]
**copy_own** | **bool** | If checked, users can copy any of their own packages that they have uploaded, assuming that they still have write privilege for the repository. This takes precedence over privileges configured in the &#39;Access Controls&#39; section of the repository, and any inherited from the org. | [optional] [default to null]
**copy_packages** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to copy packages. Unless the package was uploaded by that user, in which the permission may be overridden by the user-specific copy setting. | [optional] [default to null]
**created_at** | **String** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**default_privilege** | **String** | This defines the default level of privilege that all of your organization members have for this repository. This does not include collaborators, but applies to any member of the org regardless of their own membership role (i.e. it applies to owners, managers and members). Be careful if setting this to admin, because any member will be able to change settings. | [optional] [default to null]
**delete_own** | **bool** | If checked, users can delete any of their own packages that they have uploaded, assuming that they still have write privilege for the repository. This takes precedence over privileges configured in the &#39;Access Controls&#39; section of the repository, and any inherited from the org. | [optional] [default to null]
**delete_packages** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to delete packages. Unless the package was uploaded by that user, in which the permission may be overridden by the user-specific delete setting. | [optional] [default to null]
**deleted_at** | **String** | The datetime the repository was manually deleted at. | [optional] [default to null]
**description** | **String** | A description of the repository&#39;s purpose/contents. | [optional] [default to null]
**distributes** | **Vec<String>** | The repositories distributed through this repo. Adding repos here is only valid if the content_kind is DISTRIBUTION. | [optional] [default to null]
**docker_refresh_tokens_enabled** | **bool** | If checked, refresh tokens will be issued in addition to access tokens for Docker authentication. This allows unlimited extension of the lifetime of access tokens. | [optional] [default to null]
**ecdsa_keys** | [**Vec<::models::RepositoryEcdsaKey>**](RepositoryEcdsaKey.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**enforce_eula** | **bool** | If checked, downloads will explicitly require acceptance of an EULA. | [optional] [default to null]
**gpg_keys** | [**Vec<::models::RepositoryGpgKey>**](RepositoryGpgKey.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**index_files** | **bool** | If checked, files contained in packages will be indexed, which increase the synchronisation time required for packages. Note that it is recommended you keep this enabled unless the synchronisation time is significantly impacted. | [optional] [default to null]
**is_open_source** | **bool** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**is_private** | **bool** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**is_public** | **bool** |  | [optional] [default to null]
**manage_entitlements_privilege** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to manage entitlement tokens with private repositories. Management is the ability to create, alter, enable, disable or delete all tokens without a repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**move_own** | **bool** | If checked, users can move any of their own packages that they have uploaded, assuming that they still have write privilege for the repository. This takes precedence over privileges configured in the &#39;Access Controls&#39; section of the repository, and any inherited from the org. | [optional] [default to null]
**move_packages** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to move packages. Unless the package was uploaded by that user, in which the permission may be overridden by the user-specific move setting. | [optional] [default to null]
**name** | **String** | A descriptive name for the repository. | [default to null]
**namespace** | **String** | Namespace to which this repository belongs. | [optional] [default to null]
**namespace_url** | **String** | API endpoint where data about this namespace can be retrieved. | [optional] [default to null]
**nuget_native_signing_enabled** | **bool** | When enabled, all pushed (or pulled from upstream) nuget packages and artifacts will be signed using the repository&#39;s X.509 RSA certificate. Additionally, the nuget RepositorySignature index will list all of the repository&#39;s signing certificates including the ones from configured upstreams. | [optional] [default to null]
**num_downloads** | **i32** | The number of downloads for packages in the repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**num_policy_violated_packages** | **i32** | Number of packages with policy violations in a repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**num_quarantined_packages** | **i32** | Number of quarantined packages in a repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**open_source_license** | **String** | The SPDX identifier of the open source license. | [optional] [default to null]
**open_source_project_url** | **String** | The URL to the Open-Source project, used for validating that the project meets the requirements for Open-Source. | [optional] [default to null]
**package_count** | **i32** | The number of packages in the repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**package_group_count** | **i32** | The number of groups in the repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**proxy_npmjs** | **bool** | If checked, Npm packages that are not in the repository when requested by clients will automatically be proxied from the public npmjs.org registry. If there is at least one version for a package, others will not be proxied. | [optional] [default to null]
**proxy_pypi** | **bool** | If checked, Python packages that are not in the repository when requested by clients will automatically be proxied from the public pypi.python.org registry. If there is at least one version for a package, others will not be proxied. | [optional] [default to null]
**raw_package_index_enabled** | **bool** | If checked, HTML and JSON indexes will be generated that list all available raw packages in the repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**raw_package_index_signatures_enabled** | **bool** | If checked, the HTML and JSON indexes will display raw package GPG signatures alongside the index packages. | [optional] [default to null]
**replace_packages** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to republish packages. Unless the package was uploaded by that user, in which the permission may be overridden by the user-specific republish setting. Please note that the user still requires the privilege to delete packages that will be replaced by the new package; otherwise the republish will fail. | [optional] [default to null]
**replace_packages_by_default** | **bool** | If checked, uploaded packages will overwrite/replace any others with the same attributes (e.g. same version) by default. This only applies if the user has the required privilege for the republishing AND has the required privilege to delete existing packages that they don&#39;t own. | [optional] [default to null]
**repository_type** | **i32** | The repository type changes how it is accessed and billed. Private repositories are visible only to you or authorized delegates. Open-Source repositories are always visible to everyone and are restricted by licensing, but are free to use and come with generous bandwidth/storage. You can only select Open-Source at repository creation time. | [optional] [default to null]
**repository_type_str** | **String** | The repository type changes how it is accessed and billed. Private repositories are visible only to you or authorized delegates. Public repositories are visible to all Cloudsmith users. | [optional] [default to null]
**resync_own** | **bool** | If checked, users can resync any of their own packages that they have uploaded, assuming that they still have write privilege for the repository. This takes precedence over privileges configured in the &#39;Access Controls&#39; section of the repository, and any inherited from the org. | [optional] [default to null]
**resync_packages** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to resync packages. Unless the package was uploaded by that user, in which the permission may be overridden by the user-specific resync setting. | [optional] [default to null]
**scan_own** | **bool** | If checked, users can scan any of their own packages that they have uploaded, assuming that they still have write privilege for the repository. This takes precedence over privileges configured in the &#39;Access Controls&#39; section of the repository, and any inherited from the org. | [optional] [default to null]
**scan_packages** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to scan packages. Unless the package was uploaded by that user, in which the permission may be overridden by the user-specific scan setting. | [optional] [default to null]
**self_html_url** | **String** | Website URL for this repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**self_url** | **String** | API endpoint where data about this repository can be retrieved. | [optional] [default to null]
**show_setup_all** | **bool** | If checked, the Set Me Up help for all formats will always be shown, even if you don&#39;t have packages of that type uploaded. Otherwise, help will only be shown for packages that are in the repository. For example, if you have uploaded only NuGet packages, then the Set Me Up help for NuGet packages will be shown only. | [optional] [default to null]
**size** | **i32** | The calculated size of the repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**size_str** | **String** | The calculated size of the repository (human readable). | [optional] [default to null]
**slug** | **String** | The slug identifies the repository in URIs. | [optional] [default to null]
**slug_perm** | **String** | The slug_perm immutably identifies the repository. It will never change once a repository has been created. | [optional] [default to null]
**storage_region** | **String** | The Cloudsmith region in which package files are stored. | [optional] [default to null]
**strict_npm_validation** | **bool** | If checked, npm packages will be validated strictly to ensure the package matches specifcation. You can turn this on if you want to guarantee that the packages will work with npm-cli and other tools correctly. | [optional] [default to null]
**tag_pre_releases_as_latest** | **bool** | If checked, packages pushed with a pre-release component on that version will be marked with the &#39;latest&#39; tag. Note that if unchecked, a repository containing ONLY pre-release versions, will have no version marked latest which may cause incompatibility with native tools  | [optional] [default to null]
**use_debian_labels** | **bool** | If checked, a &#39;Label&#39; field will be present in Debian-based repositories. It will contain a string that identifies the entitlement token used to authenticate the repository, in the form of &#39;source&#x3D;t-&lt;identifier&gt;&#39;; or &#39;source&#x3D;none&#39; if no token was used. You can use this to help with pinning. | [optional] [default to null]
**use_default_cargo_upstream** | **bool** | If checked, dependencies of uploaded Cargo crates which do not set an explicit value for \&quot;registry\&quot; will be assumed to be available from crates.io. If unchecked, dependencies with unspecified \&quot;registry\&quot; values will be assumed to be available in the registry being uploaded to. Uncheck this if you want to ensure that dependencies are only ever installed from Cloudsmith unless explicitly specified as belong to another registry. | [optional] [default to null]
**use_entitlements_privilege** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to see/use entitlement tokens with private repositories. If a user does not have the permission, they will only be able to download packages using other credentials, such as email/password via basic authentication. Use this if you want to force users to only use their user-based token, which is tied to their access (if removed, they can&#39;t use it). | [optional] [default to null]
**use_noarch_packages** | **bool** | If checked, noarch packages (if supported) are enabled in installations/configurations. A noarch package is one that is not tied to specific system architecture (like i686). | [optional] [default to null]
**use_source_packages** | **bool** | If checked, source packages (if supported) are enabled in installations/configurations. A source package is one that contains source code rather than built binaries. | [optional] [default to null]
**use_vulnerability_scanning** | **bool** | If checked, vulnerability scanning will be enabled for all supported packages within this repository. | [optional] [default to null]
**user_entitlements_enabled** | **bool** | If checked, users can use and manage their own user-specific entitlement token for the repository (if private). Otherwise, user-specific entitlements are disabled for all users. | [optional] [default to null]
**view_statistics** | **String** | This defines the minimum level of privilege required for a user to view repository statistics, to include entitlement-based usage, if applicable. If a user does not have the permission, they won&#39;t be able to view any statistics, either via the UI, API or CLI. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


